[Platform] Add Ollama prompt cache (#416)
symfony/ai: docs/components/platform.rst

        echo $result->asText().PHP_EOL;
    }

Cached Platform Calls
---------------------

Thanks to Symfony's Cache component, platform's calls can be cached to reduce network/resources calls/consumption::

    use Symfony\AI\Platform\Bridge\Ollama\PlatformFactory;
    use Symfony\AI\Platform\CachedPlatform;
    use Symfony\AI\Platform\Message\Message;
    use Symfony\AI\Platform\Message\MessageBag;
    use Symfony\Component\Cache\Adapter\ArrayAdapter;
    use Symfony\Component\Cache\Adapter\TagAwareAdapter;

    $platform = PlatformFactory::create($apiKey, eventDispatcher: $dispatcher);
    $cachedPlatform = new CachedPlatform($platform, new TagAwareAdapter(new ArrayAdapter());

    $firstResult = $cachedPlatform->invoke('gpt-4o-mini', new MessageBag(Message::ofUser('What is the capital of France?')));

    echo $firstResult->getContent().\PHP_EOL;

>     $secondResult = $cachedPlatform->invoke('gpt-4o-mini', new MessageBag(Message::ofUser('What is the capital of France?')));

Reviewer: maybe something like:

```suggestion
    // This call will not be executed against the API
    $secondResult = $cachedPlatform->invoke('gpt-4o-mini', new MessageBag(Message::ofUser('What is the capital of France?')));
```

Author: Fixed 👍🏻

        echo $result->asText().PHP_EOL;
    }

Cached Platform Calls
---------------------

> Thanks to Symfony's Cache component, platform's calls can be cached to reduce network/resources calls/consumption::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to Symfony's Cache component, platform calls can be cached to reduce calls and resources consumption::
```
